# Lab1: Doubly Linked List and String Replacements.

So far we have discussed roughly two ways to store the lists: Array and Linked List.
Here we'll have a chance to implement our own, simple Linked List.

# Task: Implement your own doubly Linked List.

Implement a doubly by inheriting the list class in `List.h` in `DoublyLinkedList.h`
and implementing the virtual functions the `List` defines.

Please follow the definitions in `List.h` and keep the file intact as
the grader will call functions there.


For testing your own code, you can freely modify `main.cc`. The grader will
bring its own for testing.

## Building the lab

To test your code, use the following commands.

- `make lab1` will compile sources and generate `lab1`.
- `make clean` will remove the compiled program `lab1`.
- `make test` will run the generated program by running `./lab1`.
- `make lab1-debug` will build lab1 with [Address Sanitizer](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AddressSanitizer) enabled. Will help you debugging your programs.
- `make test-debug` will run the `./lab1-debug`, generated by `make lab1-debug`
- `make random-test` will generate a test randomly and run it. Grader will use a similar way to check the correctness.
- `make random-asan` will generate a test randomly and run it. The test will be a bit slower but provide you a bit more debug information.


## Files to modify
- `DoublyLinkedList.h`
- `DoublyLinkedList.cc`


## Notes

- Check the corner cases carefully and throw an exception if needed.
- You are supposed to implement the doubly linked list.
- You are not supposed to add any more header (`#inclde`s). Your submission may not be graded at all if you add any header.

## Evaluation criteria

- Grader will use 10 test cases and you will lose 1 point for each failing test.
- The test case will not be available to you.
- Grader will also use MOSS to check plagiarism.


## Extra

- About the testing framework, please refer to [catch2](https://github.com/catchorg/Catch2)
- About the tool being enabled for debugging, please refer to [Address Sanitizer](https://github.com/google/sanitizers/wiki/AddressSanitizer)
